[DPC-208] Text reduction (#967)
pagopa/developer-portal: .changeset/warm-yaks-compete.md

---
"nextjs-website": minor
---

> [DPC-208] Text reduction in topics for "I modelli dei servizi"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reduce text in topics for "I modelli dei servizi"
```
